"I am Venkatesh. I completed graducation B.Tech in ECE from JNTU HYD in the year 2014. I am Currently,   employed as a Linux Administrator at Tesync Technology Pvt Ltd since September 22nd 2015.

In my role, I work with RHEL, CentOS, and Ubuntu operating systems. Additionally, I utilize VMware ESXi 6.7 for creating virtual machines, such as RHEL, CentOS, and Ubuntu across all versions.

I am proficient in Linux troubleshooting and server management. I also handle security firewall configurations for LAN and WAN setups, including the creation of Public IPs for remote connectivity. Furthermore, I have experience setting up site-to-site VPNs and SSL-VPNs on firewalls.

Previously, I have worked on SMSC, SMPP, IVR, OBD, IOBD, and WAP Portals on Linux platforms."

Date to Day Activity.

"I have already installed and configured VMware ESXi 6.7 on multiple physical servers. During installation, I assigned static IP addresses, usernames, and passwords for VMware web login.

Each server is equipped with an 8-port network card. I configured virtual switches with two interfaces per switch, resulting in a total of 4 virtual switches. Each virtual switch has been assigned a specific VLAN.

These VLANs are configured in the FortiGate 200F firewall as DMZ1, DMZ2, DMZ3, and LAN-MAIN. As per requirements, we have assigned IP addresses to the VMs for the specific VLANs."


 Over 8 years of experience as a System Administrator in production environment in the area of RedHat & SUSE Linux , Windows and VMware .
 Installation and Configured of RHEL /6/7/8/9 in both physical and virtual environment
 Configuration of Network resources, adding & configuring Virtual NIC
 Install, update and upgrade the packages using with rpm ,yum and zypper tools .
 Monitoring the Servers performance using with performance monitoring tools like top and ps etc.
 Configuring the LVM (Logical Volume Manager) and extended the logical volumes online
 Having knowledge create and extend the swap memory .
 Creating and Managing the File Systems.
 Installation and configurations of NFS
 Responsible for creating, modifying and deleting users, groups and assigning the permissions to users and groups .
 Having knowledge Create and build new VM server
 Having knowledge taking snap shot , VM console , power off , power on and reboot of VM server .
 Domain join in Linux Server
 Having knowledge of cluster server patching.
 Having knowledge of cluster failover.
 Having knowledge of SUSE service pack migration .
 Having knowledge of upgrade in latest OS versions in RHEL & SUSE 